**Introduction**

[CryptoArt.Ai ](https://cryptoart.ai/)is Asia's largest NFT encrypted art trading platform, allowing any users to create and display their own works, and own the ownership of the NFT. It is committed to cultivating emerging artists, empowering art with blockchain technology, and exploring the possibility of interaction between contemporary art and digital media. The platform integrates casting, sales, and collection of NFT encrypted artworks. There are currently 780 artists in residence from more than 40 countries and regions around the world, and the sold-out rate of works exceeds 60%.

**Which field do you think has the most potential for NFT to be implemented?**

NFTs are igniting a digital art explosion, it has become one of the most popular subdivisions in the entire cryptocurrency world. The performance of NFT encrypted art market indicates that it is about to rapidly growth in a short time.NFT has many advantages, such as artists can monetize their digital art; create verifiable game items while playing games; create a new digital collection ecology; and turn real-world assets into tokens to enhance their mobility. Thanks to the easy transferability and proof of ownership, NFT NFT undoubtedly provided a wide range of possibilities for real world and virtual assets.

NFT not only disintermediate art sales, it solves the contradiction between the diffusion and possession of art but can also communicate between artists and buyers in a way that conforms significantly to young people's psychology and preserves artists' copyrights. Second, equity is better suited than tangible artworks to reproduction, dissemination, and circulation.

**What is the the mind-blowing NFT project you have seen?**

Beeple's sale is a huge milestone in this next chapter of digital art and shows that NFTs aren't simply a gimmick that will fade away. As of March 2021, NBA Top Shot is one of, if not the most successful NFT projects out there. NBA Top Shot has the most users out of any NFT project. While this data doesn't consider marginal smaller NFT projects, that is an impressive feat. Issuing collectibles related to a game that many people are already interested in is an easier sell than a digital pet. While for sure, CryptoArt.Ai is a promising project which focuses on the crypto art field. The unique advantages of CryptoArt.Ai can be summarized in the following three aspects: focusing on the field of art, combination innovation model of DeFi+NFT, and igniting the crypto market.

**What do you think is the biggest challenge so far in the NFT application?**

To enable the development of NFT applications, there are several important barriers which need to be overcome. These regulations may include bridging the gap between the centralized and decentralized world, infrastructure problems and user experience.Whilst many people view NFTs as a way of creating new financial assets and democratizing access to capital, regulation will most likely act as a barrier to this. For instance, Codex might use NFTs to fractionalize ownership of a piece of art or we could consider fractionalizing ownership of a property. Whilst this is interesting in theory, there is a risk that doing so would turn these tokenized assets into securities and they would, therefore, need to be regulated accordingly.

On top of this, the development of NFTs is heavily dependent on underlying infrastructure. Solving for scalability and transaction fees, for instance, is likely to have a huge impact on the speed of development of this space.

**What is the most exciting part of your project now and in the future?**

CryptoArt.Ai has been live for only seven months, and it has grown rapidly. As of today, there are 780 artists on the platform, a total of 566 works has been published and 364 works have been sold. The cumulative sales amount is 401 ETH. CryptoArt.Ai also actively participates in industry forums and summits, and organizes art exhibitions to bring high-quality works to more people who are interested in crypto art. "Art evolves with time" is the slogan of CryptoArt.Ai. Our mission is to empower art through blockchain technology, solve the lack of digital art dilemma, explore the possibility that contemporary art can connect with digital media, and join the emerging international movement of conceptual blockchain art. The primal aim was to create a modern, equal rights universe for artists and collectors with a decentralized governance paradigm that enables talented artists to solve the pain points in the conventional art sector with blockchain technology in the first case. The consideration they deserve can be seen by reverence and inferiority.